The “Blood on the Dance Floor 2017” short film brings two worlds together: Michael’s original short film, and the Michael Jackson ONE performance footage to create one seamless story. #BOTDF2017 
Director Jamie King, who is a dancer in the original “Blood on the Dance Floor” short film, was brought in to create a video based on the Michael Jackson ONE birthday performance but taken to the next level. #BOTDF2017 
For this year’s birthday celebration, the Michael Jackson ONE cast choreographed a performance that blended together multiple dance styles set to Michael’s recording, “Blood on the Dance Floor.” #BOTDF2017 
If you enjoyed today’s #BOTDF2017 Part 1 tune in tomorrow for Part 2 of 6!
Every year on the King of Pop’s birthday, the cast of Michael Jackson ONE creates a one of a kind performance as part of the afternoon festivities hosted at the theater for Michael’s fans. #BOTDF2017 
Grammy® nominations were released for the 2018 awards last week. Can you name the nominations that “Liberian Girl” received in 1988? 
Raise your hand if you ever imagined that Michael was singing “P.Y.T.” about you. 
SPECIAL POST: Enjoy this exclusive “behind the scenes” moment from “Blood on the Dance Floor” from the Estate’s archives 
Today is World AIDS Day. In 1993, Michael released the final single from Dangerous, “Gone Too Soon” to recognize the devastating effects of AIDS, and to honor his friend Ryan White, who had passed away from the disease. Listen here: 
‘Thriller’ celebrates its 35th anniversary 
#ThrowbackThursday: Michael Jackson was snapped with Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Studio 54’s Steve Rubell at Studio 54 in 1977, the year the club opened. Photo by Bobby Bank 
Did you know that the B-side on the 7” vinyl single to “Say Say Say,” Michael Jackson’s duet with Paul McCartney, was called “Ode to a Koala Bear?” While the song did not feature Michael…maybe it was written for this koala. 
Deep cuts Tuesday: When is the last time you listened to, and considered the lyrics of “We Are Here To Change The World”? What are your thoughts on the message of this track?

Michael Jackson was joined on stage by his friend Slash at the 10th Anniversary of MTV in 1991. Michael’s short films, starting with “Billie Jean,” were the first by an African American artist to get played in heavy rotation on MTV. 

“My mission for the world is healing. Pure and simple.” – Michael Jackson

Today is Thanksgiving in the United States. What are you grateful for, and what are you doing this weekend to help make the world a better place?
Does this lean by the Tin Man in The Wizard of Oz remind you of anything? 
“His clothing was both reflection of and companion to his lyrics, music, short films [music videos], special effects, and tours; it contributed to a greater whole.” – Michael Bush on the importance of Michael’s clothing.
Photo: Michael Bush and Dennis Tompkins 
Acclaimed director David Fincher helmed the short film for “Who Is It,” the 7th of 9 singles from Dangerous. The story of the short film is one of heartbreak over a cheating lover who also worked as a high-class call girl. Spend some time with the track: 
#ThrowbackThursday: What are your thoughts on “Someone Put Your Hand Out”

Today in 2003, Michael was given The Power of Oneness Lifetime Achievement Award for “his lifelong commitment to writing, singing and speaking about the need for us to take responsibility for the world’s children and making our world a better place..." 

The short film for “One More Chance” was filmed in '03 but not released until 2010. Watch this beautiful piece today

Today is World Kindness Day. This is a great opportunity to celebrate Michael’s message of LOVE for all people without discrimination 
What would you think if Michael Jackson looked at you over his shades like this? 
Anyone need a pick-me-up today? Watch this and turn up the volume. #EnjoyYourself 
#MJTrivia: Which of Michael’s short films was inspired by this 1922 painting by Maxfield Parrish? 
“Study the greats and become greater” – Michael Jackson 
MJ was an example to us all. In this article, a crew member remembers how MJ cared for him after an on set accident

Did you know that Chinese Pop Star Kris Wu references Michael in his new hit “Deserve” with Travis Scott? 
There are statues of Michael Jackson placed all over the world. Is there a monument in your town? Share in the comments. 
Feliz Dia de los Muertos to all of Michael’s fans in Mexico! 
What Michael Jackson outfit will you be wearing tonight? Photo: Beyonce and her daughter Blue Ivy dressed up as MJ for Halloween. 
“There's a ghost down in the hall, There's a ghoul upon the bed...” Add Michael Jackson’s “Ghosts” to your playlist!  
Tune in at 8pm EST to CBS to watch the debut of Michael Jackson’s Halloween! If you live outside of the United States – check local listings 
“I love the Planet... If we don’t fix it now, it’s at the point of no return. This is our last chance to fix this problem”– MJ in This Is It 
Get in the mood for the broadcast of Michael Jackson’s Halloween &amp; re-watch MJ in the California Raisins commercial  
How many of Michael’s tracks do you hear in the White Panda “Blood on the Dance Floor X Dangerous” mashup? Listen:  
Need some help learning the steps to “Thriller” for your Halloween parties?? Try it wearing the new @stance  socks for inspiration. 
Aside from “Thriller,” what is your most-played Michael Jackson track around Halloween?
Michael Jackson’s Halloween will have its world premiere on CBS television on October 27.  Check out the trailer just released by CBS! 
“I sat him in front of a mirror and shot some photos..I said ‘act like you’re reading a letter like you got from your girl" -Reginald Garcia 
Billboard Magazine has confirmed that SCREAM is Michael Jackson’s 30th Billboard Top 200 charting album!!
Celebrate by posting a photo of you with a copy of Scream &amp; upload it to “Michael &amp; You” album on the community page 
Did you know? In 1995, Michael Jackson was the first artist EVER to be inducted into BET’s walk of fame.
Watch the new video for the Blood On The Dance Floor X Dangerous mash-up and let’s get the Halloween party started!! 
#ThrowbackThursday: Just another day at the office. 
SCREAM highlight: “Unbreakable” featured a breakout verse from Notorious B.I.G..  Order your copy of SCREAM: 
Which of Michael’s songs do you listen to most often?
Next time your kid complains about helping around the house, tell them if Michael did dishes, so can they 
Meet Ichabod (aka Icky), one of the characters featured in the magical world of Michael Jackson’s Halloween. 
